As a admin user i should be able to create, update and delete text message template.

Text message template is part of 'Templates' in 'Admin Control'.

Navigation: Login → Operations → Admin Control → Pick List → Templates

1. Under 'Template', there will be a option called 'Text Message Template'.

2. On clicking the 'Text Message Template' option, a table with the header 'Text Message Templates' should appear.

3.Table contains the following columns

    a. Select All check box

    b. Action

    c. Text Name

    d. Status

    e. Description

4. There should be a tool tip present at the header which should show the message 'The list of Text Messages' on hovering the mouse.

Adding a template:

1. On clicking 'Add new text message', a dialog to add the details of the template should display

2. Dialog should contain a header 'Add new text message' and a tool tip containing a message 'Fill in the template details for text message'.

3. Following elements should be present in the dialog

    a. 'Text Name' field (Mandatory)

    b. 'Text Message' text area field (Mandatory)

    c. 'Active' checkbox (Unchecked by default)

    d. List of handlers

        i. %Name%

       ii. %FName%

      iii. %GuestLink%

       iv. %FromName%

        v. %AgentFirst%

    e. Search field to search handlers

    f. 'Save' & 'Cancel' button

    g. Close button to close the dialog

4. On entering mandatory fields and clicking on Save button, a toast message should display as 'Text message added successfully'

5. Added template should get listed in the table with same details entered in the add template dialog.

6. 'Status' value in the table should be 'Active' in green colour when 'Active' checkbox was checked in add template dialog and should be 'Inactive' in red colour  when 'Active' checkbox was unchecked.

7. Should be able to copy the handlers to the text message.

8. Should be able to search a handler in the add template dialog.

9. On Clicking 'Cancel', dialog should close and no new template should get added.

10. Should not allow to add the template name which is already existing.

11. A error message should show at the fields when trying to save without entering mandatory fields.

 

Editing a template:

1. Edit dialog can be opened in two ways,

    a. Clicking on the row which needs to updated in the table

    b. In Action column, clicking Three Dots → Edit/View Text Message

2. On updating the  required fields and clicking on Save button, a toast message should display as 'Text message updated successfully'

3. Template details in the table also should show updated details

4. Should not allow to update the template name which is already existing.

5. A error message should show at the fields when trying to save with blank values in the mandatory fields.

 

Deleting a template:

1. Template can be deleted in two ways

    a. Selecting a row to be deleted by checking the check box in the table

    b. In Action column, clicking Three Dots → Delete

2. On Deleting, a confirmation dialog should open with the elements

    a. Message: Are you sure you want to delete the text message?

    b. Text Name

    c. 'Yes' & 'Cancel' button

3. On Clicking 'Yes' button, text message should get deleted successfully and should not be shown in the table.

4. On Clicking 'Cancel' button, dialog should close and the text message should not get deleted.